Welcome to "Revelation Unraveled".
I'm your host, William Tapley,
also known as the "Third Eagle of the Apocalypse",
and the "Co Prophet" of the end times.
This program is a continuation of my series
on the Denver International Airport,
and especially the murals and the art
contained therein,
because they are evil, they are signs of satanism,
and on this program I will point out that many
of them
are phallic symbols.
Let's take a look at the first of these,
which is I have called on previous programs,
the birth of the anti-christ.
Now, on previous videos I've pointed out that
this is actually the figure
of a naked woman,
and the crotch is formed by a bird form.
But right opposite the woman is a penguin
and a YouTuber pointed out to me that this sign
on the penguin's cage
constitutes a phallic symbol
and in fact represents the male genitalia.
Maybe if we take an even closer look
you can see what I am talking about.
I have outlined this shape to make it a little
more obvious for you.
Notice that this is actually called a "Great Auk",
but it did stand upright like a penguin.  It
is now extinct.  It became extinct in
eighteen forty four.
Please notice that the Latin name for this
bird includes the word
"impennis".
Now, that is not accidental!
The artist chose this bird for a reason;
and that's because the bird standing upright
is phallic,
the shape of the sign is phallic,
and even the name is phallic!
As you approach the Denver airport by car
you are immediately struck by this gigantic
statue of a blue, fiberglass horse.
Now, the shape of a rearing horse is not itself
phallic.
but the fact that the horse is rearing up
would be very masculine.
Many the shapes on the horse's tail and mane
are phallic shapes,
and, of course, it is a masculine horse.
It's very interesting to note
that when this statue was almost finished
it fell on the sculptor and actually killed
him.
The horse was finished by his relatives before
being
assembled at the airport.
Next, let us take a look at the layout of the
Denver airport.
Many other videos on YouTube have shown that
this is in the shape of a swastika.
But there's one video that also points out that
the outdoor baggage handling area is the the shape of a phallus.
Let's take a closer look.
Now, this photograph was taken on a snowy day
which makes this area
actually a little clearer.
Up here we see the testicle area.
Then out here the phallus.
There's no doubt that the designers of this
airport
had something other in mind than making an efficient
baggage area.
Although this image is upside down, I think you can
see what they are getting at!
Of course, as Christians, we need to understand
that the phallic symbol is a powerful symbol,
and many pagan religions worship the phallus
because it is a symbol of life.
But we know there is a more powerful symbol
which negates the phallic symbol,
and that is the cross.
And those of us who have been washed in the
blood of the Lamb
understand that phallic worship
is satanic and evil,
and the designers of the Denver airport
are going to have to answer to our lord
for what they have perpetrated on the public
in this monstrosity!
And if you would like more information, or
a free copy of my book, "Revelation Unraveled",
simply write to the address you see on your
screen.